feat: Add new blog post for Cody Q&A livestream in September 2024 (#7291)
sourcegraph/about: content/blogposts/2024/cody-questions-answered-live-september-2024.md

---
title: "Your Cody questions answered live! - September 2024"
authors:
  - name: Justin Dorfman
    url: https://x.com/jdorfman
publishDate: 2024-10-10T10:00-07:00
description: "Our livestream on September 16, 2024 unveiled exciting updates and future plans for Cody, including new features like Smart Apply and upcoming multi-file editing capabilities."
tags: [blog]
slug: 'cody-questions-answered-live-september-2024'
published: true
heroImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/2024/cody-questions-answered-live-september-2024.jpg
socialImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/2024/cody-questions-answered-live-september-2024.jpg
---

> On September 16, 2024, we hosted a livestream in Montreal for our biyearly offsite, “Merge.” Director of DevRel Ado Kukic and co-founders Quinn Slack and Beyang Liu led our second “Your Cody Questions Answered Live!” showcasing Cody’s latest developments and future plans. If you missed it, watch it below. Here’s an overview of the discussion:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On September 16, 2024, we hosted a livestream in Montreal for our biannual offsite, “Merge.” Director of DevRel Ado Kukic and co-founders Quinn Slack and Beyang Liu led our second “Your Cody Questions Answered Live!” showcasing Cody’s latest developments and future plans. If you missed it, watch it below. Here’s an overview of the discussion:
```

## Key highlights and new features

> 1. Smart Apply: A new exciting feature improving code generation and editing capabilities, designed to streamline coding and boost developer productivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Smart Apply: A new feature that allows users to take suggestions from the Cody chat window and near-instantly turn them into diffs in their code.
```

Author: 👍

> 2. New AI Models: Early access announced for OpenAI's o1 Preview and o1 Mini, promising enhanced performance and capabilities within the Cody ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. New AI Models: Early access announced for OpenAI's o1-preview and o1-mini models, promising enhanced lgoic and reasoning capabilities within the Cody ecosystem.
```
